---
layout: post
title: whoami
date: 2023-08-01 00:44 -0500
---


What to write, what to write. I had a few ideas, but I'm kinda eh on some of them, or think I may just be repeating myself (I dont read almost any of my old blog posts). Shoot man, I'm kinda in limbo at the moment. 
I was thinking that right now I have almost no decernable long term goal. Most of the long term goals I had, I mostly realized that I didnt really want. I've been living in the south, and its a bit weird. There are
parts of the south that are kinda cool IG, but I'm not sure if it's for me. I thought about buying a house in the middle of nowhere, but maybe not? or maybe yes? really not getting any clear signals to be honest.
It's really nice when you can get a clear, this is what I want to do in the next x years, but lately I haven't had much of that. It might be time to take it easy. I say that, but I'm already thinking about
stuff to do in alabama. It's kinda isolating in the middle of nowhere. That's really the brunt of my thoughts for what I was thinking about writing. I was also thinking about a playlist I made a while ago. It seems like
it may signify the start of a wierd kind of happyness maximization that feels pretty gross. Basically I got all my favorite songs together and put the ones that I deemed perfect to go on this playlist. The logic being
that as you listen to songs more and more, they get more worn out in your mind, and cause you less joy. So I would only listen to the playlist at very certain times so I could keep enjoy them the maximum ammount.
To be honest, I cant remember if it worked or not, but it just feels like an abuse of happiness. Like almost an exploitation of what it means, as if happiness was a comodity that could be captured. I dont have a lot of 
music that I listen to regularly. I started using instagram and snapchat more and more. I think not having them on my phone was more of a badge of like "look at me I'm so different". I think it kinda pushes you away from
people, if you dont know what's up with them, and that's a bit of a hub. I'm going to go play guitar now. If anyone reads any of my blogs, make a post on my website's board. I dont think almost anyone does, but if they do, it
would be cool to know who does (if you're scared about putting it on the board also you could text me, or email ig)
