---
layout: post
title: the haps
date: 2023-07-03 00:20 -0400
---


What has been happening lately. Well, quite a lot I guess. I'm in arkansas at the moment which is cool. Got my 68 VW fastback running and driving which is pretty cool. Got a real DL (Sorry Puerto Rico but your driver's liscense sucks).
I must have the best mf picture on my arkansas DL, I want to keep that thing pretty bad. Anyways a lot of stuff was done to the fastback which was taking up most of my time and energy.
To list them all would go like this I believe.
- Sparkplugs
- Oil change 
- Change plug wires
- Change fuel lines, twice (wrong hose first time)
- Change and gap points (need to do again, jerry rigged a bit).
- Take out and test fuel injectors/ put new hose on
- Clean fuel system including: Fuel Pump, filter, dampner
- Get new gas tank and clean/put in/ fuel sender.
- New battery 
- I changed in and out a coil, but that wasnt the problem


I still have a few more things to do which I will list now. Some need to be done shortly, and some will be a bit

- Check transmission oil
- add maybe 1/2 quart of engine oil
- Service brakes
- Grease wheels
- fix something called a z-bar (and put on new rubber pieces)
- fix exaust hose thing
- Get tachometer
- Get temp gauge
- Figure out why the horn sounds when I turn/ push on brakes
- maybe lube the front end
- Get it alligned
- Maybe raise the suspension a bit (God I love torsion bars)
- Maybe fix engine transmission seal
- New fuel sock
- Update insurance


I do also have to get rid of all the toxic mf waste that is created when working on cars. That part isnt very fun.

Overall it's cool, I have my own car!
