---
layout: post
title: le moped
date: 2023-12-13 16:27 -0500
---
In boston there is no better form of transportation than the moped. Over my time here I've owned 8 of them which includes.

- POS Motorized bike that didnt work
- Motobecane Mobylette (red)
- Generic grey alibaba scooter
- Honda spree 
- Motobecane Mobylette le moped (black)
- Honda Metropolitain 
- Honda grom
- Honda little cub 50cc

Overall through these I have figured out some key things in what makes a good moped.

1. Something with a clean gas tank
2. Something built by a reputable brand (eg. honda)
3. Something that starts easy (pref not peddle start)
4. 4 stroke not 2 stroke
5. 50cc

If you dont have a clean gas tank, your carb will be so gunked its not even funny. You will be on the side of the road 6 times with gas all over your hands and clothes while cleaning the carb trying to just make it like a few miles down the road (ask me how I know). Honda makes the
best motorcycles in my opintion. If toyota made motorcycles I would buy one, but they dont. The honda cub is the most sold motor vehicle of all time [source]. Honda knows how to make a good moped, and can sell 100 million of them. There was a day that I was on my black mobylette and It was giving me hell.
Like I was all the way down two blocks just trying to get it to start. Something easy to start! prefereably either push button or a good easy kick starter. There are two main engines that mopeds have. These are the 4 stroke and 2 stroke internal combustion engines. Why is 4 better than 2? You dont have
to carry around, or buy, or mix oil into your gasoline. It's also probobly better for the enviornment 4vs2, but most mopeds get 100+ miles to the gallon. Oh yea gas savings. Say you commute 4 miles a day, gas is $4 a gallon, that's 25 days before you have to buy another gallon, or effectively 16 cents a day on gas!
Are you kidding me! Find it in your pants pockets or look for coins on the street of you need gas money for a moped. 50cc. Why would you want only a 50cc bike? most motorcycles are atleast 150-1000cc. more cc = faster no? Well yeah in a drag race, but MA has one interesting law that makes a 50cc
moped faster than a ferrari atleast in boston. Any moped 50cc or less can ride in the bike lanes. You can scoot by all traffic ever if you have a moped while being much faster than bikes. That alone is why you should get a moped but wait there's more! There's always parking,
 because you can park on the sidewalks. Dont be obnoxious and nobody will care. It's the cheapest, fastest, easiest, and best form of transportation if you just want to get around Boston. Why wait an hour and pay the T $2.50 when you can spend $0.16 in gas and get there in 15 minues? It is a bit cold in the 
 winter however.



[source]: https://www.onallcylinders.com/2021/12/16/whats-the-highest-selling-motor-vehicle-of-all-time-hint-santa-rode-one/
